# Power-Grid
This repository contain the code related to Power Grid Network. The following files contain different codes used for the experiment in this paper. Three small datasets (37 BUs, 123 BUS, and 342 BUS) and two big datasets (8500 BUS and Sanfransisco ) have been used in this experiment.The following package has been used to run the experiment in Python language: Networkx, Pyflagser, XGBoost Classifier, MLP Classifier, etc. To execute the code, begin by downloading the dataset and updating the file paths accordingly.

# 37Bus.ipynb
This file contains the code for extracting feature vector for the 37 Bus dataset. All meachine learing related works are also inculed in this file.
# Bus123SuperLevel.ipynb
This file encompasses the code for extracting feature vectors, and performing various machine learning tasks within for the 123 Bus dataset.
# Bus342SuperLevel.ipynb
This file contains the code for extracting feature vector for the 37 Bus dataset. All meachine learing related works are also inculed in this file.
# SanMulti.py
This python file contain the code to extract the features from sanfrancisco datasets. This code generates a output features named "Feature_SanMulti", which is later used for meachine learning task.
# SanfranciscoMulti.ipynb
ML task for Sanfransisco dataset generated by "SanMulti.py" is performed here.
# Super8500.ipynb
This file contains the code for extracting feature vector for the Bus 8500 dataset. All meachine learing related works are also inculed in this file.
# Feature_SanMulti.zip
This is the output file generated by "SanMulti.py"
